Why is this rope broken again?
It was him
Wushuang, come, come, grandpa Zhang
This guy wants to say that my Tai Chi is not standard.
I've been practicing for over ten years
Help me evaluate
Grandpa Zhang, I don't know Tai Chi either.
Hey
You are trained in a martial arts gym, and you still don't know Tai Chi
Don't be modest.
I have something else to do
I'll go first
Reach out so quickly
Looking for bad things
Why is it so familiar?
Grandpa Zhang, take it easy
The girl stretched out her hand so quickly
Why don't you have time to learn?
Good good master trick
It's getting late to go downstairs
Grandpa Zhang, my sister is still waiting for me at home
I'm leaving first.
Ye Shao
You're a three-time world champion.
You would actually fight someone in the park
tied
That little girl
It's not easy.
Not a tie
Yes I said